{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Times New;}}{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}
}\margl1440\margr1440\ftnbj\ftnrestart \sectd \sbknone\endnhere 

\pard \sl0 
{\plain Read Me File, Chapter 13                                                              Readme13.rtf\par
}{\plain Leona Aiken\par
}{\plain Arizona State University\par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain Note: If you are using this CD for the first time, be sure to read the file "ReadmeCDROM.txt"\par
}{\plain or "ReadmeCDROM.rtf" before you start. This gives instructions for copying files to your\par
}{\plain hard drive and running them from the hard drive.\par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain We include SAS version 8 and SPSS version 10 syntax for Chapter 13. SYSTAT syntax is not\par
}{\plain included. \par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain The folder and file structure for Chapter 13 is as given below. There is one folder for Chapter\par
}{\plain 13. Within the Chapter 13 folder, there is one folder per COMPUTER ICON in the text.\par
}{\plain Within the folder for an icon, there is one SPSS syntax file (e.g., c13e01sp.sps) , one SAS\par
}{\plain syntax file (e.g., c06e01sa.sas), and the data accessed by both files (e.g., c13e01dt.txt). The\par
}{\plain format of the data files is ascii DOS text, fixed format, no delimiters. Within each syntax file,\par
}{\plain the page number of the ICON in the text is given at the top of the syntax; throughout the\par
}{\plain syntax, the text page numbers, table and figure numbers for various analyses are given.\par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain                               CHAP13\par
}{\plain             _____________|_________\par
}{\plain             |                                         |               \par
}{\plain          CH13EX0l                   CH13EX02               \par
}{\plain             |                                         |\par
}{\plain  c13e01sp.sps                         c13e02sp.sps              \par
}{\plain  c13e01sa.sas                         c13e02sa.sas            \par
}{\plain  c13e01dt.txt                         c13e02dt.txt              \par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain CH13EX01 covers the examples in Tables 13.2.2, 13.2.3, 13.2.4, 13.2.5\par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain CH13EX02 covers Table 13.3.1. Note that the SAS syntax includes ordinal logistic regression,\par
}{\plain but the SPSS syntax does not include ordinal logistic regression.\par
}{\plain \par
}}