{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Times New;}}{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}
}\margl1440\margr1440\ftnbj\ftnrestart \sectd \sbknone\endnhere 

\pard \sl0 
{\plain Read Me File, Chapter 7                                                            Readme07.rtf\par
}{\plain Leona Aiken\par
}{\plain Arizona State University\par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain Note: If you are using this CD for the first time, be sure to read the file "ReadmeCDROM.txt" 
or"ReadmeCDROM.rtf" before you start. This gives instructions for copying files to your hard 
driveand running them from the hard drive.\par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain We include SAS version 8 and SPSS version 10 syntax for Chapter 7. SYSTAT syntax is not\par
}{\plain included. \par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain The folder and file structure for Chapter 7 is as given below. There is one folder for Chapter 
7.Within the Chapter 7 folder, there is one folder per COMPUTER ICON in the text. Within 
the folder for an icon, there is one SPSS syntax file (e.g., c07e01sp.sps) , one SAS syntax file 
(e.g.,c06e01sa.sas), and the data accessed by both files (e.g., c07e01dt.txt). The format of the 
data files is ascii DOS text, fixed format, no delimiters. Within each syntax file, the page 
number of the ICON in the text is given at the top of the syntax; throughout the syntax, the 
text page numbers, table and figure numbers for various analyses are given.\par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain                               CHAP07\par
}{\plain             _____________|_________\par
}{\plain             |                                         |               \par
}{\plain          CH07EX0l                   CH07EX02               \par
}{\plain             |                                         |\par
}{\plain  c07e01sp.sps                         c07e02sp.sps              \par
}{\plain  c07e01sa.sas                         c07e02sa.sas            \par
}{\plain  c07e01dt.txt                         c07e02dt.txt              \par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain CH07EX01 covers the example in Section 7.4.5, Figure 7.4.1, Table 7.4.1, Table 7.5.1\par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain CH07EX02 covers Table 7.9.1 and Figure 7.9.1\par
}{\plain \par
}}