{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Times New;}}{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}
}\margl1440\margr1440\ftnbj\ftnrestart \sectd \sbknone\endnhere 

\pard \sl0 
{\plain Read Me File, Chapter 14                                                  Readme14.rtf\par
}{\plain Leona Aiken\par
}{\plain Arizona State University\par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain Note: If you are using this CD for the first time, be sure to read the file "ReadmeCDROM.txt" 
or "ReadmeCDROM.rtf" before you start. This gives instructions for copying files to your 
hard drive and running them from the hard drive.\par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain We include SAS version 8 and SPSS version 10 syntax for Chapter 14. SYSTAT syntax is not\par
}{\plain included. \par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain The folder and file structure for Chapter 14 is as given below. There is one folder for Chapter 
14.Within the Chapter 14 folder, there is one folder per COMPUTER ICON in the text. 
Within the folder for an icon, there is one SPSS syntax file (e.g., c14e01sp.sps) , one SAS 
syntax file (e.g.,c06e01sa.sas), and the data accessed by both files (e.g., c14e01dt.txt). The 
format of the data files are ascii DOS text, fixed format, no delimiters. Within each syntax 
file, the page number of the ICON in the text is given at the top of the syntax; throughout the 
syntax, the text page numbers, table and figure numbers for various analyses are given.\par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain                                        CHAP14\par
}{\plain             __________________|__________________ \par
}{\plain             |                             |                             | \par
}{\plain          CH14EX0l         CH14EX02                 CH14EX03\par
}{\plain             |                            |                              |\par
}{\plain  c14e01sp.sps            c14e02sp.sps                  \par
}{\plain  c14e01sa.sas             c14e02sa.sas               c14e03sa.sas\par
}{\plain  c14e01dt.txt             c14e02dt.txt                c14e03dt.txt \par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain CH14EX01 covers the examples in Table 14.2.1A and Table 14.2.1C\par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain CH14EX02 covers the example in Table 14.2.1B\par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain CH14EX03 covers the example in Table 14.5.1 and Table 14.9.1. For this example, employed\par
}{\plain mixed models, SAS syntax is given; SPSS syntax is not. SPSS Version 11 includes mixed\par
}{\plain modeling.\par
}}