{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Times New;}}{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}
}\margl1440\margr1440\ftnbj\ftnrestart \sectd \sbknone\endnhere 

\pard \sl0 
{\plain Read Me File, Chapter 6                                                               Readme06.rtf\par
}{\plain Leona Aiken\par
}{\plain Arizona State University\par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain Note: If you are using this CD for the first time, be sure to read the file "ReadmeCDROM.txt"\par
}{\plain or "ReadmeCDROM.rtf" before you start. This gives instructions for copying files to your\par
}{\plain hard drive and running them from the hard drive.\par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain We include SAS version 8 and SPSS version 10 syntax for Chapter 6. SYSTAT syntax is not\par
}{\plain included. Syntax that produces figures mirroring most figures in Chapter 6 is provided. The\par
}{\plain actual figures in Chapter 6 were produced by other means.\par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain The folder and file structure for Chapter 6 is as given below. There is one folder for Chapter\par
}{\plain 6. Within the Chapter 6 folder, there is one folder per COMPUTER ICON in the text. Within\par
}{\plain the folder for an icon, there is one SPSS syntax file (e.g., c06e01sp.sps) , one SAS syntax file\par
}{\plain (e.g., c06e01sa.sas), and the data accessed by both files (e.g., c06e01dt.txt). The format of\par
}{\plain the data files is ascii DOS text, fixed format, no delimiters. Within each syntax file, the page\par
}{\plain number of the ICON in the text is given at the top of the syntax; throughout the syntax, the\par
}{\plain text page numbers, table and figure numbers for various analyses are given.\par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain                                        CHAP06\par
}{\plain             __________________|__________________ \par
}{\plain             |                             |                                     | \par
}{\plain          CH06EX0l         CH06EX02                 CH06EX03\par
}{\plain             |                            |                                       |\par
}{\plain  c06e01sp.sps            c06e02sp.sps               c06e03sp.sps     \par
}{\plain  c06e01sa.sas             c06e02sa.sas               c06e03sa.sas\par
}{\plain  c06e01dt.txt             c06e02dt.txt                c06e03dt.txt \par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain CH06EX01 covers Figure 6.1.1, 6.2.2a, 6.2.2b, Table 6.2.1, Figure 6.2.3, Table 6.2.2.\par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain CH06EX02 covers Figure 6.2.1, Table 6.2.3, Table 6.3.2, Table 6.3.3\par
}{\plain \par
}{\plain CH06EX03 covers Figure 6.2.4.\par
}{\plain \par
}}