{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f28\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f29\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f31\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f32\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f33\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f34\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f35\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f37\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f39\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title Read Me File, Chapter 8}{\author carne}{\operator carne}{\creatim\yr2002\mo6\dy19\hr13\min8}
{\revtim\yr2002\mo6\dy19\hr13\min8}{\version2}{\edmins5}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords322}{\nofchars1840}{\*\company ASU Psychology Department}{\nofcharsws2259}{\vern8269}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 Read Me File, Chapter 8
\par Oi-Man Kwok and Steve West
\par Arizona State University
\par 
\par Note 1.  If you are using this CD for the first time, be sure to read the file \'93ReadmeCDROM.txt\'94 or \'93ReadmeCDROM.rtf\'94 before you start.  This gives instructions for copying files to your hard drive and running them from the hard drive. 
\par 
\par We include SAS version 8 and SPSS version10 code for all of the tables and most of the graphs in Chapter 8.  SYSTAT code is not included.  Note that some of the figures cannot be produced using the current versions of SAS and SPSS.  SAS and SPSS are updat
i
ng their programs so that additional features may be available as new editions are released.  SAS insight also includes some additional features that were not used here.  The figure being produced is identified by both Figure number and page number in the
 Cohen, Cohen, West, and Aiken text. The page numbers are approximate as the final pagination was not available at the time these programs were completed.
\par 
\par Note 2.  Mac and UNIX users may need to slightly modify the programs.  C\\Temp is used as temporary storage by some of the example programs.
\par 
\par C08e01sa.sas is the annotated SAS program that will generate Tables and Figures in Sections 8.2 through 8.5. 
\par C08e02sa.sas is the annotated SAS program that will generate Tables and Figures in Section 8.7.
\par 
\par C08e01sp.sps is the annotated SAS program that will generate Tables and Figures in Sections 8.2 through 8.5. 
\par C08e02sp.sps is the annotated SAS program that will generate Tables and Figures in Section 8.7.
\par 
\par C08e01dt.txt is the data for Sections 8.2 through 8.5.
\par C08e02dt.txt is the data for Section 8.7.
\par 
\par C08e01sp.spo is the SPSS output for Sections 8.2 through 8.5. 
\par C08e02sp.spo is theSPSS output for Section 8.7. 
\par Of importance here are the graphs.  Note that the graphs produced by SPSS may have a slightly different appearance than those presented in the text. The graphs in the text were made in ARC and in S-Plus.
\par 
\par Several .gif files are also included for the SAS graphic output. Note that the graphs produced by SAS may have a slightly different appearance than those presented in the text. The SAS .gif files are organized 
into the files for example 1 and (8.2 to 8.5) and example 2 (8.7).
\par 
\par }{\fs20 
\par 
\par }}