{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f27\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}{\f28\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f29\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f31\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f32\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f33\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f34\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f35\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f36\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f37\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f39\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f42\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f244\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f245\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f247\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}
{\f248\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f249\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Tahoma (Hebrew);}{\f250\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Tahoma (Arabic);}{\f251\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title Read Me File, Chapter 10}{\author carne}{\operator carne}{\creatim\yr2002\mo6\dy19\hr13\min15}{\revtim\yr2002\mo6\dy19\hr13\min15}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords667}{\nofchars3806}
{\*\company ASU Psychology Department}{\nofcharsws4674}{\vern8269}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 Read Me File, Chapter 10
\par Oi-Man Kwok and Steve West
\par Arizona State University
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20 Note 1.  If you are using this CD for the first time, be sure to read the file \'93ReadmeCDROM.txt\'94 or  \'93ReadmeCDROM.rtf\'94
 before you start.  This gives instructions for copying files to your hard drive and running them from the hard drive.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20 
\par We include SAS version 8 and SPSS version10 code for most of the tables and most of the graphs in Chapter 10.  SYSTAT code is not included.  Note that some of the figures cannot be produced using the current versions of SAS and SPSS.  SAS and SPSS are upd
a
ting their programs so that additional features may be available as new editions are released.  SAS insight also includes some additional features that were not used here.  The figure being produced is identified by both Figure number and page number in t
he Cohen, Cohen, West, and Aiken text. The page numbers are approximate since the final pagination was not available at the time this code was developed.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20 Note 2.  Mac and UNIX users may need to slightly modify the programs.  C:\\Temp is used as temporary storage by some of the example programs.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20 There are five examples in the chapter.
\par 
\par EXAMPLE 1 (Figure 10.2.1 to Figure 10.3.6; does not include Figure 10.3.7)
\par C10e01sa.sas is the annotated SAS program that will generate Tables and Figures in Sections 10.2-10.3 
\par C10e01sp.sps is the annotated SPSS program that will generate Tables and Figures in Sections 10.2-10.3.
\par  
\par C108e01dt.txt, C10e011dt.txt , C108e02dt.txt,  C10e022dt.txt, C10e03dt.txt C10e04dt.txt are the data files for Sections 10.2-10.3..
\par 
\par C10e01sp.spo is the SPSS output for Sections 10.2-10.3. Of importance here are the graphs.  Note that the graphs produced by SPSS may have a slightly different appearance than those presented in the text.
\par 
\par Several .gif files are also included for the SAS graphic output. Note that the graphs produced by SAS may have a slightly different appearance than those presented in the text. The SAS .gif files are organized  into the files for example 1 (10.2-10.3).

\par 
\par EXAMPLE 2 (Figure 10.3.7)
\par 
\par C10e01sa.sas is the annotated SAS program that will generate Figure 10.3.7. 
\par C10e01sp.sps is the annotated SPSS program that will generate Figure 10.3.7.
\par  
\par C10e01dt.txt, C10e02d1t.txt , C10e02dt2.txt,  C10e02d3t.txt, C10e02d4t.txt are the data files for the parts of Figure 10.3.7.
\par 
\par C10e02sp.spo is the SPSS output for Figure 10.3.7. Of importance here are the graphs.  Note that the graphs produced by SPSS may have a slightly different appearance than those presented in the text.
\par 
\par Several .gif files are also included for the SAS graphi
c output. Note that the graphs produced by SAS may have a slightly different appearance than those presented in the text. The SAS .gif files are organized  into the files for the parts of Figure 10.3.7.
\par 
\par }{\fs20 
\par }{\f27 EXAMPLE 3 (Figure 10.4.1)
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20 C10e01sa.sas is the annotated SAS program that will generate in Figure 10.4.1.
\par C10e01sp.sps is the annotated SPSS program that will generate Tables and Figures in Figure 10.4.1.
\par  
\par C10e03dt.txt is the data file Figure 10.4.1 (SPSS).  Data are presented in file for SAS.
\par 
\par C10e03sp.spo is the SPSS output for Figure 10.4.1. Of importance here are the graphs.  Note that the graphs produced by SPSS may have a slightly different appearance than those presented in the text.
\par 
\par Several .gif files are also included for 
the SAS graphic output. Note that the graphs produced by SAS may have a slightly different appearance than those presented in the text. The SAS .gif files are organized  into the files for example 3 (Figure 10.4.1).
\par 
\par EXAMPLE 4 (Figure 10.4.2)
\par 
\par C10e04sa.sas is the annotated SAS program that will generate Figure 10.4.2
\par C10e04sp.sps is the annotated SPSS program that will generate Figure 10.4.2.
\par  
\par C10e04dt.txt is  the data file for Figure 10.4.2.
\par 
\par C10e04sp.spo is the SPSS output for Figure 10.4.2. Of importance here are the graphs.  Note that the graphs produced by SPSS may have a slightly different appearance than those presented in the text.
\par 
\par Several .gif files are also included for the SAS graphic output. Note that the graphs produced by SAS may have a slightly different appearance than those presented in the text. The SAS .gif files are organized  into the files for example4 (Figure 10.4.2).

\par 
\par EXAMPLE 5 (Tables 10.5.1 and 10.5.2)
\par 
\par C10e05sa.sas is the annotated SAS program that will generate Tables 10.5.1 and 10.5.2.
\par C10e05sp.sps is the annotated SPSS program that will generate Tables 10.5.1 and 10.5.2.
\par  
\par The data are in the form of two correlation matrices in stream in the text.
\par 
\par C10e05sp.spo is the SPSS output for Tables 10.5.1 and 10.5.2.
\par 
\par }{\f27 
\par 
\par }}